read me file 

Product Manager
Product Manager is a web application built with Django that allows users to manage a list of products. It follows the Model-View-Template (MVT) architectural pattern and uses Django's built-in authentication system to ensure that only authenticated users can access the product dashboard and form.


Requirements
Python 3.7 or later
Django 3.2 or later

Installation

*Note - 1st create a django project
       -inside that project create an application
       - now declare inside the application name into the project level setting.py file.
       -inside the application we have to create a model for our database.
       - now makemigrations and migrate to do
       - after that create a forms.py file inside the application
       -now the main file is views,we have to create a view for the dashboard to rendering the model thorough view.
        we create multiple views for our recruitment like edit,delete,insert etc.
       - now we have to set the url patterns inside application level and also inside project level.
        - we have to include the apllication urls into the project level urls.
        Now happily we can run the server.

       

1. Clone the repository:

git clone https://github.com/your-username/product-manager.git

2. Install the dependencies:

cd product-manager
pip install -r requirements.txt

3. Create a superuser account:
python manage.py createsuperuser

4. Run the development server:
python manage.py runserver

5. Access the application in your web browser at http://localhost:8000/.

---------------Features
Dashboard view to display a list of products
Product form to add new products
Edit and delete buttons for each product in the dashboard
User authentication using Django's built-in authentication system

-----------------Usage
Log in to the application using your superuser account.

On the dashboard view, you can see the list of existing products. You can click the "Add" button to create a new product, or click the "Edit" or "Delete" buttons next to each product to modify or remove it.

To log out of the application, click the "Log out" button on the top-right corner of the page.




